hey everyone what's up my name is Jeremy
and welcome to my very first GTA 5 video
so I went out and bought a ps3 GTA 5
bundle because a lot of people are
asking if I could please make some GTA 5
videos so I'm actually playing right now
and recording this so also born el gato
I have an HD PVR though my friend packet
told me that al gato is easier to use
because it's gotta last lot less cables
and just easier to use so what I want to
show you is some things that I found
cool like I've been to LA quite a few
times this is where the game is based so
I know a lot of you have probably played
this and I'll familiar but yeah this is
Santa Monica Pier I'm not shoulders
calling the game so I was here by her
cubs I will see her a few months ago and
i found out really cool and this guy's
pretty funny the jesus dude i don't know
sounds like a lot of like stirring
things it's pretty funny so what I'm
curious is what sort of videos would you
like to see me make on GTA 5 right now
multiplayer is not out is not out till
the beginning of october i believe so
yeah this is Santa Monica Pier I'm not
going to do a playthrough of the game
I'm just thinking of doing kind of like
random sort of videos but yeah when the
multiplayer drops soon i'll be playing
that with friends so the main reason i
bought a ps3 GTA 5 bundle is because my
friends will be playing it on the ps3 i
had an xbox 360 though i sold it because
i was planning on getting either the ps4
the xbox one and yeah I'm actually I'm
gonna go to Venice Beach so I've played
I think six percent of this I'm not sure
what it says in here so yeah this is
more or less just more of a test video
yeah six percent play about three hours
or so so I'm fairly new to the game and
it does look pretty good so far
so what I want to do is quickly go to
Venice Beach as i said i don't know
what's cold in this yeah I'm familiar
with a lot of these things in real life
so this is really cool for me leave a
comment if you've been to see Venice
Beach or Santa Monica I'll crap where's
the road though drive one okay it's over
here so yeah not long ago I was walking
along this path over here in real life
with a girl talking about another girl
and they were from England and that was
pretty cool I met up with her at venice
beach by accident like will stay in west
hollywood together and we bumped each
other into each other here so yeah this
is like the venice beach path to santa
monica pier area and then down here is
Venice Beach so I want to point out
where I stayed this is actually really
cool for me as i said like i stayed here
for a while I don't know how long it was
I'm on the bike path to like people in
real life walk on the bike path but
you're not meant to it's pretty weird
was I think I'm just gonna pass it yes
over here so in real life there's a
bunch of dudes it so like weed around
here it's pretty weird okay I'm just
totally among my car up okay so yeah
what I want to do yeah this is the body
building here so yeah there's a lot of
realistic things I've noticed quite a
few things from LA that have been put
into los santos or Santos I don't know
they think it's Los Santos so yeah like
LAX looks really cool yeah they have
these weeds shops in real life where
there's dudes in like jumpsuits and you
pay Lee I think forty dollars or so and
you get like a doctor concession and you
get medical marijuana in real life so
they got that in here too I remember
just walking past you and people always
asking if you want to sign up it's like
now so they do have it's like a real
good replica I would buy onion rings
from this place in real life when I said
at Venice Beach I'll show you where i
stayed so yeah what do people want to
see me make on GTA 5 as i'll be doing a
lot of multiplayer videos in the future
so our this video so did usually be
rappers standing around here selling the
cds
and it's like I don't want your CD and
you want me to pay for it that's what I
found me it like if you have a go to
Venice Beach so if you've been there you
know what I'm talking about so yeah I
stayed at this place over here it's
called the same Sun Venice Beach I
believe in real life right over here
I'll just get my gun out so I can aim
well can I handle the first no gonna get
this out so as I said I haven't really
played a ton of this I've been trying
thing I think some cool things to record
so I took a photo of my Instagram out
this window in real life and had like
all these palm trees it's actually there
you can see it my instagrams in the
description and yeah this place was
really cool I remember this one time
this actor and I were walking around
down here and a guy topless like covered
in tattoos fully wet eyes we reckon he
was on math was just like hassling us
just right like right around here and
yeah they'd be like dudes in the morning
smoking weed and hash and cigarettes out
here like right here so yeah I really
love Venice Beach I want to go back that
sometime I didn't get together in summer
I was there for kind of like the
springtime April May ish i think it was
april yeah so ya better speech i really
like and that's what i wanted to make
this video about so i came out that so
what else i get up to like it's just so
cool how it's such a almost exact
replica obviously they can't have all
the best and sams in here because that'd
be illegal so yeah I love Venice Beach
was a nice car over there I think so
yeah as I said I've done six percent
haven't done any cheats or anything yet
i'm still getting into the game so it's
gonna be fine my PSN is not my youtube
name that was taken i'm not gonna give
it up just yeah oh how does this work
okay so I'm not even I was never into
ps3 so this is interesting for me I've
never owned one so yeah it also came
with mortal kombat the bundle yeah
anyhow I think the ferris wheel thing
looks really cool it's just amazing but
yeah one of the things they don't have
is like just along here what is this
guy's walking there's a lot of stands in
real life with kids like homeless who
one weed and like I've shops and things
like that this is like a burger place
over here i think in real life I don't
know but yeah I wish I did some more
vlogging when I was in Venice Beach I
didn't really vlog there oh well anyhow
yeah welcome to GTA 5 i'm gonna be doing
some more videos on here the elgato
seems to be doing a good job i really
like it so far and i think what else was
done here i remember checking out these
units over here I think that's a freak
show place in real life in other places
I could rent which I was looking into
other time I think yeah there's like a
free old crap I've got my gonna think
right here is down really get reefers
yeah a bunch of smoke shops round but I
believe there was some sort of freak
show I don't know I think it's here in
the game so yeah looking forward to
playing a lot more of this game and
especially when multiplayer drops so
hope you've enjoyed this video and I
hope you found it interesting me just
talk about Venice Beach what's going to
talk about I don't know but yeah but I
speeches awesome i love it love it I
don't know what this place is cold in
GTA does it say on the map it's probably
something ah so no I don't know whatever
it's got a name anyway which I have
wiped out I Vespucci beach sorry I
didn't see that Vespucci beach yeah cool
so yeah thank you for watching this GTA
5 video and make sure to leave a comment
what do you want to see me do GTA 5 wise
i'm on the ps3 and seems like it's a lot
of fun right now yeah see you next time
they like if you enjoyed